American Airlines Group

Parent company of American Airlines

Overview
Together with regional partner American Eagle, we offer an average of nearly 6,700 flights daily to 350 destinations in 50 countries. We’re a founding member of the oneworld® alliance, whose members and members-elect offer nearly 14,250 flights daily to 1,000 destinations in 150 countries.

In 2016, American Airlines Group Inc. topped Fortune magazine’s list of best business turnarounds and its stock (NASDAQ: AAL) joined the S&P 500 index.

Connect with American on Twitter @AmericanAir and at Facebook.com/AmericanAirlines.

History
Founded in 1930, we’re now one of the largest airlines in the world. Throughout the years, American has created more than 900,000 jobs worldwide and supported close to 1,400 nonprofit organizations.

History of American Airlines

oneworld® alliance
The oneworld® alliance is a group of the world’s leading airlines; committed to providing the highest level of service and convenience to frequent international travelers.

oneworld® airline partners

Regional carriers
American Eagle

American Eagle is a network of 6 regional carriers that operate under a codeshare and service agreement with American. Together they operate 3,400 daily flights to 240 destinations in the U.S., Canada, the Caribbean and Mexico.

3 are subsidiaries of American Airlines Group:

Envoy Air Inc.
Piedmont Airlines Inc.
PSA Airlines Inc.
Plus 3 other contracted carriers:

Mesa
Republic
SkyWest
Envoy
Envoy Air Inc. operates 180 aircraft on 900 daily flights to more than 150 destinations around the world. The company’s more than 15,000 employees provide regional flight and ground handling services to American under the American Eagle brand.

Envoy is headquartered in Irving, Texas, with hubs and maintenance facilities in Dallas/Fort Worth, Chicago, New York and Miami. Other facilities are in Abilene, Texas; Bentonville and Little Rock, Arkansas; Columbus, Ohio; Marquette, Michigan; and Springfield, Missouri.

Envoy Air Opens another site in a new window that may not meet accessibility guidelines

Piedmont
Piedmont Airlines, Inc. operates daily regional flights to the eastern U.S. from hubs in Charlotte and Philadelphia.

Crews are based in Philadelphia and customer service centers operate in 80 locations around the U.S. Maintenance facilities are in Harrisburg and Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; Richmond and Roanoke, Virginia and Ocean City, Maryland.

Piedmont Airlines Opens another site in a new window that may not meet accessibility guidelines

PSA
PSA Airlines Inc. operates nearly 150 aircraft on 700 daily flights to 90 domestic destinations. The company's more than 3,500 employees provide regional air service to American from stations around the U.S.

PSA is headquartered in Dayton, Ohio, with flight crew bases in Dayton and Cincinnati, Ohio; Knoxville, Tennessee; Washington, D.C and Charlotte, North Carolina.

Maintenance facilities are in Dayton, Canton and Cincinnati, Ohio; Charlotte, North Carolina; Greenville, South Carolina; Norfolk, Virginia and Savannah, Georgia.

PSA Airlines Opens another site in a new window that may not meet accessibility guidelines
